Oh dad
Back yes
I'm off today.
It's okay, I'll come back and have a look.
How are you busy with the company going public?
Ouch your son
Don't worry about your son?
Your marriage to Xiaolan, hurry up
My dad?
How many times have I told you?
I don't like him!
I'm too old if I don't go
It's time to find a wife to manage the housekeeper for you
butler
Oh dad
Uncle Wang, the previous housekeeper in our family
What's wrong with him?
Why are you asking this?
Ouch, didn't you say housekeeper housekeeper?
I remember this trick
Don't ask what you shouldn't ask
Oops dad
I am now the chairperson of the listed group
Can you just tell me?
False accounting at the company
Agricultural public funds were caught
False certificate with agricultural public funds